Why can't I wrap my mind
around the fact
that I am helping Alice Laird
pack for college?
Maybe 'cause you're not?
You're just pretending to be
philosophical to avoid actually helping.
God. time flies.
It seems like yesterday
you were Sutton's age.
and now you're...
- Eighteen.
You're a woman now.
- Ew.
- But wait.
Only two bags
for an entire school year?
Charlie and I are going away
for a few months.
and I have an entire suitcase
just for my Labubus.
I mean Sutton's Labubus.
Dad's driving the rest of my
stuff out next month
when I move into my dorm.
This is just
soccer preseason stuff.
Oh. my God.
I'm leaving in three days.
I need more time.
Hey. kid. You're ready.
I know I'm ready.
You're not.
You're gonna be alone.
Liz and Derek
are going to Spain.
this one's going to Tennessee.
and you kind of blew it
with Sofi.
I did not blow it with her.
I panicked. and then
I let my issues with your
grandpa drive her away forever.
- Like a baller.
who gets into a big fight
with his boss
right before he moves away.
and now the two of you are
icing each other out
like a couple
of middle school bitches.
Which...
Which. by the way.
I'm here for.
Listen. you guys.
you don't have to worry.
I'm gonna be fine alone.
I'm actually
looking forward to it.
I can drink things from the
fridge straight from the bottle.
Juice. milk. soy sauce.
And I can walk around the house
in my underwear.
Cool. I'm definitely
not worried about you anymore.
- Soy sauce?
- Yeah.
Sometimes I like to eat
a bunch of sushi
and then just do a shot of it.
That's disturbing.
You know.
we both really appreciate
- you guys letting us stay.
- Oh. no.
It's just
till our stuff gets here.
Are you really gonna
live in Connecticut forever?
Till the day I die.
I might even do it
on this couch.
- Dad.
- Paul. no.
Maybe you'll croak on the
toilet like Elvis.
Let's pack up
for baseball practice. bud.
Come on.
- Who's Elvis?
- It's not important.
Why is he still around?
We are working on our marriage.
Oh. and forgive me
for wishing that Jimmy had
knocked the Dave out of you.
- Jesus Christ. Paul.
- Wait. he told you?
All right. you know what?
I always preferred privacy
when talking to my dad
about my sexual partners.
so I'll just give you two
a minute.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
What? Jimmy blurted it out
when he was being mad at me.
Look. it was a weird time.
Dave and I were separated.
and Jimmy is such a caring guy.
It wasn't a big deal.
So. he was safe dick.
- Excuse me?
- Safe dick.
It means
no-strings-attached sex.
- Yeah...
- Like Julie was a safe dick.
and then she definitely
was not safe dick.
Please stop saying safe dick.
What's safe dick?
Um. your mom probably shouldn't
- have said that in front of you.
- Oh...
I'll explain it to you later.
No. you won't.
Oh. my God. what is happening?
W-Why is this happening?
- What is it?
- Oh.
Well. I thought we could start
waking up early
to help us adjust now
to Barcelona time.
That's Spanish for
"rise and shine."
What's Spanish for.
"I'll fucking kill you"?
Fine. suit yourself.
Hola. amigo.
You're up early. Sean.
- Didn't you move into your new place yet?
- I did.
So. what are you doing. man?
You know. Alice is leaving.
Not sure now is the best time
to ditch Jimmy after all
he's done for me.
So. what. you're just gonna
pretend like you
still live here?
At least until there's
a good time to tell him.
That's crazy.
He's gonna be happy for you.
- Hi. Jimmy.
- Hola.
Hey. uh... Hey. wh-what are
you doing up so early?
I don't know. guys.
I heard a bunch of yelling.
- Yeah. that was us.
- Why are you so happy about it?
Look at this day. Come on.
Sorry. man.
I was just chatting
with Derek on my...
on my way out of the pool house
where I slept last night.
Great story.
Do you know what time it is?
Everyone goes
back to their bed.
or...
What do you know?
She looked it up.
What's with the side-eye?
Normally when a long-term
boyfriend pulls out a new
move like you did last night.
I would think he was cheating.
but I feel like you
just lost your way.
and then you went with it.
What gave it away?
Was it me not knowing where
to put my thumb?
Oh. shit. I'm late.
- I gotta get ready.
- Oh.
Oh. hey. babe. you know that
new expensive bar of soap
I got?
- Mm-hmm.
- Please do not use it on your butt.
I won't.
But just to be safe. don't
use it on your face later.
Hey. baby.
do you have any Tylenol?
I can't hear you now.
Oh. no. he didn't.
No. he didn't.
Oh. wow.
My precious.
- Hey. babe.
- Yeah?
I got an idea.
- Okay. what is it?
- It's a really good one.
Why don't you and I
get butt naked
and take a shower together?
Why are you breathing so hard?
I always breathe like this.
Why you standing like that?
I don't know.
- You wanna take a shower together?
- No. I can't actually.
I have a...
...I have an early patient.
- Bye. babe.
- Okay. give me a hug.
- Yes. Goodbye hug for you...
- Thank you.
...my boyfriend. Love that.
- What the... bro hug?
- Yep.
Toit. I'm out.
What. uh...
A-Are we in a fight?
I don't know. Could be.
Maybe. I-I don't even...
Hey. Paul.
- Yeah?
- Hey. Um...
How are you?
Fine.
How's Connecticut?
Can't complain.
- I got my own personal chef.
- Whoa.
Don't spend that retirement
money all at once. right?
It's my grandson.
What can I do for you. Jimmy?
Listen. I'm-I'm sorry that. uh...
things got kind of ugly
back there before you left.
You were
totally right about
what you said.
Which time?
How my feelings
were meant for someone else.
Don't sweat it. kid.
Textbook transference.
Ninety percent of my
patients go off on me
and then wake up
the next morning
and realize I'm not their dad.
I know you're not my dad. Paul.
Do you?
Anyway. uh. it's not...
it's not how I wanted
to leave things. you know?
I was... I was actually really
looking forward to
our goodbye breakfast.
I had a lot I wanted to
say to you before you left.
That's you. Jimmy.
Always picturing in your mind
the ideal version
of how you want things to go.
But life's messier than that.
and it's okay.
What about Alice?
Is she still coming by here
- on her way to Wesleyan?
- Yeah.
She's worried about leaving me
in an empty house.
so I just gotta make sure
she knows I'm fine.
And then give her
the fucking best send-off ever.
And hit all her favorite spots
around town.
and when I drop her off
at the airport. I'm gonna give
the perfect goodbye speech.
I'm doing it right now.
aren't I?
You are.
But it's Alice. so I'm gonna
give you a pass this time.
Hey. listen.
while-while I got you.
I just want to say. uh...
Dad. you can make your own
sandwiches.
Damn it. I g... gotta go.
Stay in touch.
Okay. I have finished
everything on my
grandma-to-be checklist
for before our trip.
I set Peyton and Will
up with our OB.
I sent them a case of prenatal
vitamins. along with
a very interesting article
about how vaginas never ever
recover from water births.
Babe. did you write that article?
- Yes. I did.
- Yeah. There you go.
- Hi.
- Hey!
Hey. are you ready for brows
and boba?
I found a place that does both.
I can't.
Connor's taking me out
to an expensive lunch.
It's our anniversary.
I am? It... It is?
Happy ten months
and 13 days. baby.
This is like the third time
you're blowing me off
for Connor.
I thought we were going
to hang out
as much as possible
before I left for college.
Oh. right. you're going away
to college.
I forgot because you haven't
mentioned it
for. like. almost five minutes.
- Really?
- Really.
- No. no. no.
You're not involved in this.
Okay. I'm sensing maybe
a little tension.
- Shut the fuck up. Connor.
- Shut up. Connor.
You know what? I'm gonna
sleep with your brother.
Nobody asked
for your fucking opinion.
Why?
Why does this always happen?
It's just how it is.
Get used to it. pal.
Hey. please don't teach our son
that women are crazy.
Let him find out on his own.
- Liz?
- What? Yeah. I'm...
Liz? Are you kidding
me right now?
I'm here.
and what are you doing?
- Holy crap. Holy shnikes. Liz.
- What are you doing?
Look at this.
Oh. my God.
he finally asked you.
He didn't do anything.
I found the ring.
I tried it on.
It got stuck.
And what do you mean he finally
asked me?
Did you know about this?
Of course I do. The Dereks
tell each other everything.
Derek tells me everything.
and by transitive property.
it means...
Oh. am I also a Derek?
Liz. why didn't you say anything?
'Cause I didn't want
to ruin the surprise.
I wanted to let you
ruin it yourself.
I don't think
I'm ready for this.
I'm still messed up
over the Maya stuff.
and I'm trying to pull off
a big career jump.
That's why he hasn't
asked you yet.
He was waiting
for a good window.
But it's not
his window to find.
We agreed to talk about big
things first. and him spending
$13.000 is not talking.
- You looked it up?
- Yeah. of course I did.
So proud of you.
- Oh! Mm-mmm!
- Okay. Oh. no. no.
- Uh-uh!
- Oh. no. We're gonna sit down.
- Mm-mmm.
- Okay. exhale.
There you go.
Now. we're gonna slather up
that hand with lube.
Then you're gonna put it back.
and then when he proposes.
we are gonna be
married-couple friends
who go on vacations together
and get into some crazy
White Lotus shit.
That sound good?
Then when I drop her off at the
airport. I'm gonna say.
"I just want you to remember
what I told you
as a little girl
when you were nervous
about going to sleepaway camp.
You just tug on
that invisible string
between our hearts.
I'll feel it.
Wherever I am.
whatever I'm doing. I'll stop.
And I'll tug back."
Damn.
Oh. you got me.
Yeah. I got myself
a little bit too.
Damn it.
I gotta... I gotta keep
practicing this.
so that when the real moment
comes. I don't lose it.
That way. when she starts
bawling and I don't.
she'll know that I'm fine.
and she doesn't have to worry.
Yeah.
First night as
an empty nester's
gonna be rough. huh?
Thank God you're still around.
Hey. maybe tomorrow night I
could swing by the pool house.
and we can watch
the Dodgers game together?
Or we could maybe go to a bar.
Or you know what?
We can go down to the stadium.
see it live.
- It's an away game.
- Road trip!
- How far?
- Atlanta.
- Yeah. that's too far.
- That's too far.
Hey. there she is.
You excited for the
perfect last night
before you leave?
I was thinking we could do
mini golf at Castle Park.
and then dinner at Old Town.
and then Fudgy Mondays
for ice cream.
Whatever.
Off to a great start.
That's not about you.
She got into a fight with
Summer for spending too much
time with Connor.
Nobody got punched
in the ta-tas this time.
Is it weird I'm glad there's
still a little bit
of father shit left to do?
Okay. Tomorrow night.
pool house. we're on?
We are so on.
You got to tell him!
Okay. inner circle.
I need you to help me
figure out what I'm gonna say
when Derrick gets down
on one knee
and presents me with this.
- Oh.
- Oh. my God.
- So pretty.
- I know.
Maybe you not being able to get
it off is your body
giving you a sign.
Or maybe it's Jesus.
Oh. my God. Mom.
not everything's Jesus. okay?
I'm just bloated
from my period.
Your period is Jesus.
- What did she say?
- She said Gaby's period is Jesus.
Her period is what?
Be older.
How many people did it take
to help you set this up. Paul?
- I did it by myself.
- Oh.
With the help of four people.
Come on. guys.
I need you to fucking focus.
- Language!
- Thank you. baby.
Okay. pros and cons
of marrying Derrick. Go!
- White Lotus weekends.
- No.
Keep in mind. he was supposed
to discuss it with me first.
Okay?
- Not ambush me.
- I mean. can you blame the guy?
He's had to drag you kicking
and screaming
across every single milestone
in your relationship.
Liz and I were just talking
about this the other day
at lunch.
Hold up. You guys are
hanging out without me?
- Yes.
- Sometimes.
Did she give you a rock?
No.
I don't think.
So much betrayal.
I will deal with
the both of y'all later.
- Did you give her a rock? I still don't...
- This is not about you.
- I am never getting a rock.
- Just...
I want a rock.
Also. the dragging me thing
is not true.
Oh. he dragged your a... butt
out on your very first date.
And-And what...
Why was it that-that
she didn't like him again?
Because he's not an addict
who needs rescuing.
Right. That's why.
That's right.
He had to drag you
to spend Thanksgiving with him.
Maybe the real question
is not
"Why should you marry him?"
but. "Why the hell
he would marry you"?
Is that so. Paul? 'Cause I'm
turning your ass off right now.
Thank God.
- Miss you. Fuck Parkinson's.
- Bye. Paul.
- Fuck Parkinson's.
Sorry again. Mom.
I'll allow it. F Parkinson's.
So. what are you thinking?
Honestly. I'm still not sure.
All right. well. if we're not
inner-circling
about grandbabies.
I'm out of here.
I'm way too big for mini golf.
The whole time we were there.
I wanted to walk around the
village knocking over windmills.
Remember that time
Mom got banned for breaking
off the clown's nose?
Yeah. she wasn't even mad.
She was just celebrating
a hole-in-one.
And maybe drinking a little.
Fair enough.
What is she doing here?
What the hell?
I thought we were meeting
about you wanting to ask out
my mom.
You are way too easy to trick.
How were you not
kidnapped as a child?
I was. I spent some time in
Morocco.
That explains a lot.
Summer. please have a seat.
I got you some ice cream.
Listen. normally
I wouldn't butt in.
- Yes. you would.
- Yes. I would.
But I just recently really
messed things up with a friend.
Trust me. you do not want
to leave things like this.
- That's why I brought you both here.
- Well played. pimp.
Look. change is scary.
Wesleyan is far away.
I think that you're acting out
because you're just scared
of losing each other.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Can we FaceTime. like.
every day?
Def. And also.
you're not allowed to make
any new redhead friends.
I could never love
another redhead.
I love you so much.
There we go.
And also. all new drugs.
we do at the same time.
and any lesbian stuff.
you try with me first.
I think you guys got this.
- Wow.
- Cornhole!
Now see. I think they should
consider making this a sport.
I think you just want a sport
that white guys
can still dominate.
Well. now that Tiger's done.
we got golf back.
- Thank God for hookers.
- Yeah.
- Cornhole!
- Guys.
I'm so glad I got here
before Gaby.
She found the ring.
What? How?
It doesn't matter.
- She's not happy.
- Damn it.
Oh. here she comes. Run!
Calm down.
A ring? What the hell?
Why would you do that?
Uh. because I love you?
We were supposed to talk about
any future steps before
taking them. remember?
Well. I'm sorry for thinking
that being with me
might be something
that made you happy.
You're being ridiculous. Gaby.
and I gotta be honest...
I. uh. think I know a lot
of people here.
- Hmm.
- Is that my cousin?
And the horny girl
from your college class?
You look awesome.
- That's your sister.
- Hey. Derrick.
- And your mom.
- Hey.
What is happening right now?
Jimmy. he's onto us. Lights!
Got it.
Whoa. whoa. hey!
- I gotcha. Okay.
- I don't wanna get murdered...
- We're good. Calm down.
- ...in a cornhole bar.
You tried to surprise me.
but I'm not having
any of that shit. okay?
- Oh.
- And I'm not kneeling.
'cause I got a lot to say.
and I'm not getting
this pretty dress in the dirt.
- You ready?
- Not really.
Too bad. Buckle up.
Okay.
Derrick.
My whole life. I felt like
I was from some other planet.
Like I was. uh.
this tall Kal-El-ass alien
dropped on Earth. just trying
to fit in with the normies.
You know. it was...
it was kind of lonely.
And then you roll up all goofy
and super hot and really kind.
And you just never make
me feel self-conscious.
Like. seriously.
I would do you right here
in front of everybody.
Aw.
You let me be me.
You know. you-you see my crazy
and then you just roll with it.
I let her do that.
I know. babe. I know.
I love that you're a gentleman.
you know?
And I-I-I love that
you don't need me
to take care of you.
but if I ever wanted to.
you would still let me.
But I think most of all.
I love that you push me
to move forward.
You know. just-just
past all my bullshit.
Life started to feel
a lot scarier this year.
Yeah.
But. um. I just think
that if I get the honor
and privilege of having you
by my side...
I won't be afraid of anything.
Not even this.
Derrick. will you marry me?
- Yes.
- Yes!
Aw. Grandbabies!
Uh. why is my podiatrist here?
Oh. I don't know. I just
emailed a bunch of people
in your contacts list.
- Oh. Shout out my podiatrist.
- Hey!
Hey.
- Podiatrist!
- Podiatrist. podiatrist. podiatrist.
Here we are.
Found it.
I almost left my real ID
on the floor.
- Cannot fly without that.
- Nope.
I can't believe I gotta
drop my baby off at college.
Yes. I'm glad you guys managed
to sneak in one last
adventure together.
Okay.
Where is my...
- Hey.
- Hi.
Before you go. never forget
what I told you when
you were little
and you were nervous
about going to sleepaway camp.
Just tug on that invisible
string between our hearts.
- and I'll feel it no matter where...
- Real quick.
my ticket says coach.
That's a mistake. right?
Could you just give us
one minute. Summer?
Sure. pimp.
I have your card
on my Apple Pay so.
I'll just upgrade inside.
No matter where I am.
whatever...
Actually. last time I was
in a crowded airport by myself.
I ended up in Morocco.
Hey. Get out of here.
Thanks for everything.
- You're the best. I love you.
- Love you more. kid.
- Okay.
- Bye. Bye.
- Bye.
Let's go!
- Boarding pass?
- Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. That way. There.
Well. fuck you two
for making all of our proposals
seem lame in comparison.
My proposal
would have been amazing.
uh. but then Jimmy puked
on the piano and fucked Gaby.
- Yeah. I remember seeing that.
- Okay.
well. maybe not in front
of my new fiancé.
Then maybe I'll puke on
the piano and hit that later.
Aw.
So. what are you guys doing to
celebrate?
Liz and Derek
actually invited us
- to join them in Barcelona.
- Mm-hmm.
Thanks for saying it right.
- Hey. I'm cultured.
- Yeah.
as an engagement gift
they got our tickets.
Hey. this is bullshit.
- Can we come?
- Stop. We have to go to Tennessee.
Fine.
Can I come?
So. uh. Alice has officially
landed in Connecticut.
- Hey.
- Aw.
And I'm fine.
Can we all agree that
I am fine?
- Yes. we can.
- You're fine!
- Yeah. you're killing it.
- That's a normal thing to ask people.
Game's about to start.
I'll grab some snacks.
We can meet in the pool house.
- Yes. sir.
- Cool. All right. see you guys.
- Bye. Jimmy.
- Enjoy the game.
Nobody else invited.
I guess.
Sean hasn't told Jimmy
he moved out yet.
- Ooh.
- Wow. I think that deserves a group BFP.
- Oh. yeah.
- Here we go.
Oh. all right.
That's a big flapping pussy. Sean.
Oh. whoa. whoa.
No. sorry. Sean.
I didn't know what that meant.
It's all right. man.
Time to sack up.
- Yeah.
- Right. sack up!
- Sack 'em up.
- You got this.
I think we need to come up
with a new gesture for sack up.
- Yes.
- Oh. I know.
Yeah. you're juggling.
You're juggling.
Hey. I got the ham
and pineapple
you texted me about.
I'm realizing right at this
moment you meant on a pizza.
That's okay. We can maybe
have a pool house luau.
How does that sound?
Look. it's time I told you.
I found a bigger place.
And I'm moving out.
That's awesome. Sean.
That's great. When are you...
When are you moving?
Three days ago.
Everything happened super fast.
Derek has this awesome place.
and he needs someone
to fix it up for him.
And you know how much I like
helping out
well-to-do white dudes.
We are
an overlooked demographic.
I should have told you sooner
but with Alice leaving. and.
hell. now everyone leaving.
- I just...
- Hey. Sean.
There's no need to apologize. man.
Look. when you moved in here.
it was never with the intention
that you were going
to stay forever.
Yeah.
I'm really happy for you.
Come on.
What can I say?
I'm really gonna miss you.
I'm gonna be
like four blocks away.
Way to ruin the moment. Sean.
I'm betting Marisol's waiting
for you at your new place
right now.
She might be.
Fuck the game. Get out of here.
Oh.
- Keys to the pool house.
- Yes. Thanks.
Thank you. Jimmy.
For everything.
Oh. we're so happy you two
decided to make a pit stop.
Yeah. we talked it out.
and we picked this
- over microdosing at a Red Sox game.
- Huh.
These people
still have access to my father.
Speak of the devil.
Anyway. how could I pass up an
opportunity
for probably my last home
cooked meal in a while?
Don't sleep
on college dining halls.
I used to eat cereal with
vanilla soft serve
instead of milk.
Maybe take a little weed gummy
right before.
I'm on one right now.
Was Dad just texting you
to see if I got here okay?
Yeah. he also said.
"Sean's moving out.
happy for him. but also
kind of sad. you know?"
- What did you write back?
- Thumbs-up emoji.
- Dude.
- Why is that thumb Black?
Gaby did it. I-I don't know
how to change it back.
He told you that he was sad
and that is how you responded?
Don't you know how alone
he is right now?
No. he's not. He's got that
girl that's too cute for him
but when she speaks.
you get it.
- He doesn't have her anymore.
- What?
When did that happen?
A few weeks ago. I told you.
Do you not listen to me?
It depends.
You guys say so much stuff.
I have to filter.
- Dad.
- What is wrong with you?
My God. You are unbelievable.
What do you want me to do?
Maybe just give him
some fatherly advice.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not his father.
If you are my honorary grandpa.
doesn't that make you...
Papa pimp.
Look. I'm 3.000 miles away.
Even if I had a magic bullet.
Jimmy has still got to learn
how to figure out this shit
for himself.
To hell with a home cooked
meal. Let's get a pizza.
That's a great idea.
Bring the gummies.
Yeah. that'll be good.
You're not invited.
Thank God.
- I'm Batman.
- Wow.
Hey. Hey. Dan. How you...
How you doing?
It's. uh...
It's pretty quiet around here.
huh?
Yeah. look's like everybody's gone.
Which means we can either
do our session in my office.
or we can gather up
all the couch cushions
and do it in a fort.
Office. please.
Your loss. Dan.
And Stan and his wife
are moving to Paris.
Can you believe that?
Who wants to live
in fucking Paris?
I think most people. Dan.
Hey. you said you were
gonna get yourself back
on the dating apps.
Did you make a profile yet?
No. um. but I did give Siri
an Australian accent.
It's. uh. kind of a vibe.
- Dan.
- I know.
After three years of therapy.
I'm back where I started.
Not true.
You have come so far
over the past few years.
Do not forget that.
Look. everybody has setbacks.
If I'm honest.
I still find myself
right back to feeling alone.
- Like everybody's moving forward but me.
- Mmm.
Yeah.
So. maybe we both agree
to keep working on that.
But in the meantime.
maybe we can try to find
some positives in the solitude.
When you wake up tomorrow.
remind yourself.
alone doesn't always
have to mean lonely.
What the fuck
are you doing here. Matthew?
I'm house-sitting
while my folks are out of town.
and my mom said I could
swing by when I got hungry.
Well. you can't.
Just grab a pizza
and get out of here.
Ooh. I love pepperoni.
Hey. Do you wanna. like.
have a cup of coffee?
We could eat that pizza.
Just... I don't know. we
could just hang out and talk.
I'm good. Thanks.
No. me too. I'm good too.
Hey. Paul.
Hey. what's up?
You know me. man.
I just finished working out.
Getting ready
to attack the day.
You're alone in your underwear
doing nothing. aren't you?
Very much so. yes.
Okay. well.
I just called because
we really should have that
bye-bye breakfast sometime.
Yeah. I would... I would love
that. man. Uh. when?
How's now?
- Hi. uh...
- Hey.
Paul.
What are you doing here?
How long...
How long are you in town for?
- Just a couple of hours.
- That's insane.
What if I had plans
this morning?
You didn't.
- Paul.
- Let me talk. okay?
Life threw you a curveball
so. to try and control things.
you picture how you want them
to go in your own head and...
That doesn't work.
If you can't let go
of this shit on your own
then I have to...
I have to keep trying
to shake it out of you.
You hear what I'm saying?
I... Yeah. I do.
but can we just talk about
this over waffles?
No. you're not eating with me.
You're eating with her.
Oh. hi. Uh. can I get a.
um. cappuccino please?
- Yeah. no problem.
- Thank you so much.
Not how you pictured it. huh?
You fucking jimmied me.
That's right.
I fucking jimmied you.
Look. kid. if you're ever
going to move forward.
you've got to let go
of the past.
And I know that's scary.
But you're...
you're never gonna forget Tia.
Hell. you're never going
to forget me.
No one will.
Letting go of the past
just means
you don't allow...
your scars to hold you
back anymore.
I'm covered in them. Paul.
Good.
What a shame to be 42 years
of age and not completely
covered in scars.
They're the evidence
of a life fully lived.
I don't want this.
I don't want you to have to fly
all across the fucking country
just to make sure
that I'm okay.
- I don't want to be a burden to you.
- You're not.
You're more of a son to me.
I don't know why
I never said that before.
I think you're strong.
I think you don't need me.
But for as long as I'm around.
if you think you need me.
I will be there for you.
Because I love you.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Now. you got a choice to make.
Either stay stuck.
or you can go make
some new scars.
I got a fucking airplane
to catch.
Choose wisely.
- Hi.